Added release notes for MSlice for 6.13 (#39466)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.13.0/Direct_Geometry/MSlice/New_features/39466.rst

- Update to Python 3.11.
- Changed layout of Compose button. Furthermore, the button is now always called `Compose` and does not change its name anymore when selecting an item from the dropdown menu.

> - Remove invisible workspaces from MSlice when the workspace they orignated from is deleted in the ADS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Invisible workspaces from MSlice are now deleted when the workspace they orignated from is deleted in the ADS (workspace tab in Mantid).
```
